Here is the description of the most tricky material parameters. Most parameters are named according to what they do to the material, but some require a more detailed explanation.


Main Parameters:

Step Length - Controls how long the ray will render volume inside the crystal.
World Or Local, Local One To One Scale - scales the volume noise inside the crystal.
Normal Spherical - Makes normal more spherical.
Refraction - controls the refraction parameter, more = less refraction, values closed to zero = more refraction.

Volume Noise Parameters:

Volume Noise - Volume noise mask, R, and G channels are used to generate crystal volume.
Volume Noise Scale - Scales the volume noise, both R and G channels.
Volume Noise Offset - Moves the volume noise, use this parameter to adjust the noise for Local space Crystals.
Volume Noise Exp - Power parameter for the noise texture, used in a small range, from 0.4 to 1.5
Volume Noise Multiply - Emission power of the volume noise texture

Color And Emission Parameters:

Ramp - Gradient Ramp texture, used for coloring.
Ramp Exp - Use this parameter to adjust the colors in the Ramp texture.
Ramp Mak Mask Exp - Basically a Contrast parameter.
Ramp Fresnel Negare - Use Fresnel mask instead of a Noise mask for the Ramp texture.

Desaturate Amount - Fresnel / Rim desaturation amount.
Desaturate Fresnel Exp - Power parameter for the Desaturation mask.
Desaturate Lighten - Boost emission of the desaturated parts.
Desaturate Thickness - Use a baked thickness mask (G channel) for the desaturation.

Thickness - Multiply Emission with Thickness mask (G channel)

Edges Emission - Boost emission using R and B masks
Edges Parallax - Parallax amount
Edges Style - Switch between R and B channels

Linear Mask - Linear emission mask parameters

Blend Mask Parameters:

Blend Mask - Mask used for blending with another texture
Blend Linear Linear Vector - Vector used for linear mask blending
Blend Linear World Offset - Adjust world offset to match the position of the object
Blend Textures - Regular set of PBR textures used for blending

Blend Ground Normal Vector - Same as "Blend Linear Linear Vector" bot for normal blending
Blend Ground Normal Vector World Offset - Same as "Blend Linear World Offset" bot for normal blending

Bool Parameters:

POM Enabled - Parallax Occlusion Mapping, used for "Refraction Surface Noise" texture, 16 samples by default.
Blend Enabled - Enabled blend, both PBR and Normal.
Blend Triplanar Enabled - Use triplanar mapping for blending texture.
Blend Ground Normal Enabled - Enables normal blending.
Blend Linear Or Vertex Paint RG Enabled - Switch between Linear and Vertex Paint blending modes. Second option uses the R channel.
Desaturate Enabled - Enabled desaturation effect.



Support email: sinevfx@gmail.com